# XXXX Dataset

This is the official repository of XXXX paper. "Your tile".

Supoorted by "Your lab".

## Get Access to the dataset
Please check our "Your storage service" to download the data.

## Dataset Overview
XXXX is a cross-layer dataset, which includes the application layer network traces (acme-tx/rx), C-V2X sidelink control information and C-V2X MAC layer packets. Additionally, for the outdoor scenarios, we provide the GNSS coordinations for each UEs.

The dataset includes 4 catagories in total:
- Indoor_Allset
  - Include all the possible comniations of parameters as shown in the figure below. The data collection period for each test is around 30 seconds.
- Outdoor_ParkingLot
  - This is a preliminary simple outdoor test. There are two UEs in the parkinglot, one serves as a transmitter, the other one is serves as a receiver. The route is shown as below. This test lacks the GNSS coordinations.
- Indoor_Presentative
  - We pick certain presentative cases and extend the data collection period to 1 hour.
- Outdoor_Intersection
  - We picko 10 presentative cases and collect data in a busy intersection. This test has GNSS coordinations gotten from a high-end IMU, xsens.

### tx_[UE].csv
This file is the application layer trace of transmitter.
- equipment_id: The identity of the transmitter.
- seq_num: The transmitting packet sequence number.
- priority: The transmitting packet priority, which affects the C-V2X radio transmitting logic.
- timestamp: The transmitting packet timestamp.
- channel_busy_percentage: The channel busy percentage reported by the C-V2X radio.

### rx_[UE1]\_tx\_[UE2]\_[Application].csv
This is the end-to-end, receiver side application layer trace. The log is generated by UE1 and includes the E2E performance of UE2->UE1.
- rx_timestamp (us): The timestamp when the packet is received.
- latency (ms): Latency = rx_timestamp - tx_timestamp
- per_ue_loss_pct (%): The packet loss rate for different UEs.
- ipg (ms): The inner packet gap (jitter).
- tx_family_id: ?
- tx_equipment_id: The identity of the transmitter.
- tx_seq_num: The sequence number of the transmitter.
- tx_priority:

## Example usage
In the XX folder, we provide some basic utils to commute the average throughput, packet loss rate, etc. and some visualies tool.
For example, to visulize the channel utilization,
Run ```my script````. The example output is shown below.
The window is interacive, you can drag or zoom in/out. 

Hope this be helpful.
